Return externalIPs documentation (#166)
cozystack/website: content/en/docs/getting-started/first-deployment.md

Cozystack is using MetalLB as the default load balancer.
This documentation section explains how to configure networking with this default option.

{{% alert color="warning" %}}

> :warning: If your cloud provider does not support MetalLB, you can consider exposing ingress controller using externalIPs of your nodes.

Reviewer: "externalIPs" is very hard to read. Can we split it into two words?
```suggestion
:warning: If your cloud provider does not support MetalLB, you can consider exposing the ingress controller using the external IPs of your nodes.
```

> Read our FAQ section [What to do if my cloud provider does not support MetalLB](/docs/guides/faq/#what-to-do-if-my-cloud-provider-does-not-support-metallb) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the FAQ section [What if my cloud provider does not support MetalLB](/docs/guides/faq/#what-to-do-if-my-cloud-provider-does-not-support-metallb) for more details.
```
